[Translation] Add labels for links in translations page (#20142)
symfony/symfony-docs: translation.rst

        {{ message|trans }}

Suppose your application's default_locale is ``fr`` and you have configured
``en`` as the fallback locale (see :ref:`configuration
<translation-configuration>` and :ref:`fallback <translation-fallback>` for

> how to configure these). And suppose you've already setup some translations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to configure these). And suppose you've already set up some translations
```
